Improve wording of then() return value (#40374)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/then/index.md

### Return value

Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}} immediately. This returned promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status.

> One of the `onFulfilled` and `onRejected` handlers will be executed to handle the current promise's fulfillment or rejection. The call always happens asynchronously, even when the current promise is already settled. The behavior of the promise returned by `then()` (call it `p`) depends on the handler's execution result, following a specific set of rules. If the handler function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the `onFulfilled` and `onRejected` handlers will be executed to handle the current promise's fulfillment or rejection. The call always happens asynchronously, even when the current promise is already settled. The behavior of the promise returned by `then()` (referred to as `p` in the following list) depends on the handler's execution result, following a specific set of rules. If the handler function:
```

Reviewer: Maybe? The existing wording seemed a bit strange.
